[docs] update documentation for integration user-authn with Gitlab ver16+ (#6553)
deckhouse/deckhouse: modules/150-user-authn/docs/USAGE.md

To do this, you need to:
* **self-hosted**: go to `Admin area` -> `Application` -> `New application` and specify the `https://dex.<modules.publicDomainTemplate>/callback` address as the `Redirect URI (Callback url)` and set scopes `read_user`, `openid`;

> * **cloud gitlab.com**: under the main project account, go to `User Settings` -> `Application` -> `New application` and specify the `https://dex.<modules.publicDomainTemplate>/callback` address as the `Redirect URI (Callback url)`; also, don't forget to set scopes `read_user`, `openid`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **cloud gitlab.com**: under the main project account, go to `User Settings` -> `Application` -> `New application` and specify the `https://dex.<modules.publicDomainTemplate>/callback` address as the `Redirect URI (Callback url)`; also, don't forget to set scopes `read_user`, `openid`;
```

> * When using Gitlab version 16 and higher, when creating an application, you also need to enable the `Trusted`/`Trusted applications are automatically authorized on Gitlab OAuth flow` checkbox.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* When using GitLab version 16 and higher, when creating an application, you also need to enable the `Trusted`/`Trusted applications are automatically authorized on Gitlab OAuth flow` checkbox.
```

> * When using GitLab version 16 and higher, when creating an application, you also need to enable the `Trusted`/`Trusted applications are automatically authorized on Gitlab OAuth flow` checkbox.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* (For GitLab version starting with 16) Enable the `Trusted`/`Trusted applications are automatically authorized on Gitlab OAuth flow` checkbox  when creating an application.
```
